reference: add error codes (#1816)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/error-codes.md

| 8003 | If the data in a row is not consistent with the index when executing the `ADMIN CHECK TABLE` command, TiDB returns this error. |
| 8004 | A single transaction is too large. | See [the error message `transaction too large`](/dev/faq/tidb.md#the-error-message-transaction-too-large-is-displayed) for the cause and solution.  |
| 8005 | Transactions in TiDB encounter write conflicts. | See [the Troubleshoot section](/dev/faq/tidb.md#troubleshoot) for the cause and solution. |
| 8018 | The plugin cannot be reloaded because it has not been loaded before. |
| 8019 | The version of the plugin that is being reloaded is different from the previous version. Therefore, the plugin cannot be reloaded. |
| 8020 | The table is locked. |
| 8021 | The key does not exist. |

> | 8022 | The transaction commit fails. You may retry the process. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 8022 | The transaction commit fails. You can retry the process. |
```

| 8023 | An empty value is not allowed. |

> | 8024 | Illegal transactions. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 8024 | Invalid transactions. |
```

Reviewer: Use "invalid" not "illegal" in this context. Please update all "illegal" in this PR. Thanks!

> | 8025 | The single Key-Value pair that are being written is too large. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 8025 | The single Key-Value pair being written is too large. |
```

> | 8026 | The interface has no implementation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 8026 | The interface has not been implemented. |
```

| 8027 | The table schema version is outdated. |
| 8028 | The table schema has changed. |
| 8029 | Incorrect value. |
| 8030 | After an unsigned positive integer is converted to a signed integer, it exceeds the maximum value and displays as a negative integer.|
| 8031 | When being converted to an unsigned integer, a negative integer is converted to a positive integer. |
| 8032 | Illegal `year` format. |
| 8033 | Illegal `year` value. |
| 8034 | Incorrect `datetime` value. |
| 8036 | Illegal `time` format. |
| 8037 | Illegal `week` format. |

> | 8038 | The field cannot obtain a default value. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 8038 | The field fails to obtain the default value. |
```

| 8039 | Index offset is out of range. |
| 8042 | The state of table schema does not exist. |
| 8043 | The state of column information does not exist. |
| 8044 | The state of index does not exist. |
| 8045 | Illegal table data. |
| 8046 | The state of column information is invisible. |

> | 8047 | The value of the system variable is not supported. This error usually occurs in the alarm information when the user sets a variable value that is not supported in the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 8047 | The value of the system variable is not supported. This error usually occurs in the alarm information when the user sets a variable value that is not supported in the database. |
```

| 8059 | It fails to obtain an auto-random ID. |
| 8060 | Illegal auto-incrementing offset. |
| 8061 | Unsupported SQL Hint. |
| 8062 | An illegal token is used in SQL Hint. It conflicts with reserved words in SQL Hint. |
| 8063 | The limited memory usage set in SQL Hint exceeds the upper limit of the system. The setting in SQL Hint is ignored. |
| 8064 | It fails to parse SQL Hint. |
| 8065 | An illegal integer is used in SQL Hint. |
| 8066 | The second parameter in the `JSON_OBJECTAGG` function is illegal. |
| 8101 | The format of plugin ID is incorrect. | The correct format is `[name]-[version]`, and no `-` is allowed in `name` and `version`. |
| 8102 | Unable to read the plugin definition information. |
| 8103 | The plugin name is incorrect. |
| 8104 | The plugin version does not match. |
| 8105 | The plugin is repeatedly loaded. |
| 8106 | The plugin defines a system variable whose name does not begin with the plugin name. |
| 8107 | The loaded plugin does not specify a version, or the specified version is too low. |
| 8108 | Unsupported execution plan type. |
| 8109 | The specified index cannot be found when the index is analyzed. |

> | 8110 | The Cartesian product operation cannot be executed. | Set `cross-join` in the configuration to `true`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| 8110 | The Cartesian product operation cannot be executed. Set `cross-join` in the configuration to `true`. |
```

Author: The English table schema has a `Solution` column. Should we put solutions in that column?

Reviewer 2: ok

> | 8111 | When executing the `EXECUTE` statement, the corresponding `Prepare` statement cannot be found. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| 8111 | When executing the `EXECUTE` statement, the corresponding `Prepare` statement cannot be found.
```

| 8112 | The number of parameters in the `EXECUTE` statement is not consistent with the `Prepare` statement. |

> | 8113 | The table schema involved in the `EXECUTE` statement has changed after the `Prepare` statement is executed. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| 8113 | The table schema related in the `EXECUTE` statement has changed after the `Prepare` statement is executed. |
```
`related` may be better.
